DOCS 2971 - adding cluster agent windows info (#13263)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/troubleshooting/windows_containers.md

**Note**: When using two Datadog installations (one with `targetSystem: linux`, one with `targetSystem: windows`), make sure the second one has `datadog.kubeStateMetricsEnabled` set to `false` to avoid deploying two instances of Kube State Metrics.

#### Mixed clusters with the Datadog Cluster Agent

> With Cluster Agent v2.98+, this configuration is supported by the Datadog Cluster Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Cluster Agent v1.18+, this configuration is supported by the Datadog Cluster Agent.
```

> With Cluster Agent v1.18+, this configuration is supported by the Datadog Cluster Agent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With Cluster Agent v1.18+, a configuration with mixed clusters is supported by the Datadog Cluster Agent.
```
